---- ARCHISOGEN ----

--- DESCRIPTION ---

archisogen is a small program to generate base file folders for Arch Linux
ISO creation using the archiso package from the arch repo.

I found the need to create this simple program, to make it easier to rebuild the .iso
after the initial build, without overwriting or doing lots of copying all the time. 
Archisogen simply lets you configure the iso in a separate folder, and make test 
builds in temporary directories for you to run. You can then edit further and make a 
new folder and test again, without moving files around all the time.

When the build turns out to be exactly what you wanted, you can simply tar the 
'archisoconfig' folder and git it or whatever. Mission accomplished.

--- INSTALLATION ---

REQUIREMENTS: You are required to run Arch Linux to be able to use Archisogen.

I have not yet valued this project and its current state as worthy of being an AUR package.
As such, you have to manually download (or copy the content of) PKGBUILD and run:

$ makepkg -cCis

This will compile the program and copy the right files to the right folders.
You can then follow the usage instructions below to create arch live ISO files.

--- USAGE ---

1. To configure your Arch ISO, change to root and go to /root/archlive directory.

2. From there you can edit and add files according to the ArchWiki archiso documentation.
   NOTE: You should always configure your iso image as root!

3. When everything is configured the way you want it, you can go on to create the build 
folder. Go to /root/ directory (still as root user) and run archisogen:

root $ cd
root $ archisogen <destination-folder>

You will get a message when it is done. Then you can cd into <destination folder> and 
start building the .iso image:

root $ cd <destination-folder>
root $ ./build.sh -v

This will take quite some time (depending a lot on how many packages you have choosen).
Feel free to make some coffee, or read up a bit about the archiso on the ArchWiki.

Note:
For the moment archisogen has hard-coded folders. This is because I was not intending for
others using it. I will change this very soon, as well as also add some new features, 
like premade VM options and the likes. Furthermore, this is a C program, which in it self
makes litltle, to no sense at all, and was only done like this for the excersize in itself.
When I get the time, this program will be rewritten to simply use bash or tcl instead.
